Please briefly answer the following questions (Please limit your answers to 500 words maximum per question)  

_1. Tell us about your passion for mathematical problem-solving and why you would be a good candidate for this workshop. (It's OK to brag a bit.)_

I didn't have interest in mathematical problem-solving until grade 9. Back then, I was only fairly strong at school math, but I never explored much outside of that. I remember one day in grade 9, where my math teacher gave us a long list of math contests(mostly from CEMC) for us to register. At the time, I didn't really know what math contests were or what I was getting myself into. But when I showed it to my parents, they signed me up for all of them and told me to give it a try. The most memorable contest for me was the Beaver Computing Contest which was the very first contest the took place. For that contest, I went in blind with almost no prep at all. But, I somehow scored full score which surprised both me and my parents. I think this was when I realized that I had some inherent talent in problem solving. This contest piqued my interest in problem solving, which drove me to look into more problems. During this time, I unconsciously discovered that doing these problems was one the rare activities where I can forget time enter a flow state. As February rolled around, I participated in the Pascal contest and scored surprisingly well. This gave me another confidence boost which in turn motivated me to pursue a deeper interest in problem solving. I further developed this interest throughout high school. Here, I found that I really enjoyed tackling hard problems and the dopamine rush you get after finally solving them. Moreover, I was always excited when I learn a new theorem or discover a new tricks to a problem. As I practiced more, I achieved heights that I never thought I was capable of. I am especially proud of myself for what I achieved this year. Apart from getting on the honour roll in CEMC contests, I also managed to win gold for Alberta grade 11 in the COMC. Although this may not be anything outstanding, I never fathomed the idea of being amongst the top grade 11s in my province. There is still a lot of room for improvement, and I aim to practice harder to prepare for the upcoming contests next year. However, a challenges I face when practicing is the lack of communication with other people. It gets lonely at times since I don't have friends who would do math together. Therefore, it would be great to discussing problem solving with like-minded people. I would love it if we can share our own unique experiences in contest math. I think math is a lot more fun when you talk about a problem as a group and develop a sense of community. The main reason I want to attend EMACS is to make new friends that share a similar interest in mathematic, and I feel that I could bring value to this workshop by engaging with others and share my approaches to problems.

_2. What opportunities, if any, have you had to engage with mathematics outside of your regular mathematics classes? Are there any barriers that have prevented you from access to such opportunities?_


I don't have access to a lot of opportunities to explore math and its applications at a deeper level. I have only started looking into attending programs relating to mathematics during the spring of last year. However, my accomplishments at the time were not good enough to land me anything. Thus, I continued to self-study math on my own throughout the rest of grade 10 and into grade 11. However, I still try to be involved in math as much as possible. I am currently a copresident of my school's math club, where I have to develop and present material relating to math and problem solving. Through these past couple of months, I had to do quite a bit of research, as well as creating power points on math concepts. This experience has motivated me to solidify my understanding toward many mathematical concepts. Furthermore, developing and presenting my solutions on problems has forced me to think about every step and ask questions about the validity of my solutions. Apart from math, this experience has also showed me how hard it is to get your ideas across and keep people's interest. When running math club, I've come to realize that maintaining interest is far more important than being good at math. Thus, I will usually try to let people think about a problem first, then explaining the strategies used to help break it down. Aside from teaching contest math, I am hoping to expand my applications of math to some of my coding projects. After the beaver contest that I took in grade 9, I was took a interested in programming. Seeing that CEMC also has programming competitions, I started to dive into competitive programming by learning how to code and solving programming problems. It turns out, a lot of programming problems require some pretty advanced math and problem-solving strategies to figure out. To be honest, I learned a lot of combinatorics and number theory concepts from doing competitive programming problems rather than math. Thus, I had the chance to discover many interesting ideas such as the Euclidean Algorithm, Sieve of Eratosthenes, and Catalan Numbers. Moreover, a lot of my knowledge on divisibility and modular arithmetic was also obtained due to programming problems I've encountered. Other than competitive programming, most of my programming projects has required some basic arithmetic. To assist me with school, I had previously made programs to balance chemistry equations and solve basic physics problems. I have also created simple game bots using basic game theory and probability. I am currently creating a bot that makes decisions based on the best probability of winning a dice game as an extension for my computer science course project. Previously, I have also made similar programs to calculate who wins a specific nim game at certain states. As summer rolls around, I will hopefully be able to get more opportunities to create more advanced projects that may use a lot of math, such as building a physics engine.
