**Question: 🤓 What's a topic you're a huge sucker for—from public transit to Dungeons and Dragons? Tell us about it and why you love the topic!**

Actually, I just got into this topic a few days ago, but I've already spent an embarrassing amount of time doing research on it. Just Last week, I got really frustrated with my mechanical pencil as the lead kept jamming and the tip became wobbly, making it difficult to write. So, I went on a mission to look for a new one. While doing research, I also found the subreddit and discord server dedicated to mechanical pencils. I thought it was going to be dull and inactive, but the community is actually really nice and always ready to give advice. They will actually spend time to help you based on your specific needs and budget. All in all, it's a really chill community where people share their pencil collection and give suggestions to others. But the primary reason for my interest is the pencil itself. A found many pencils with really cool features such as automatic lead sharpening, lead protection to prevent lead from breaking, and automatic lead dispensing. When you hear automatic lead and rotating lead, the first thing you think of is motors and electrical components. But what really surprised me is that fact that these pencils only use simple machines such as gears and springs, which I find really interesting. However, I think the real appeal is more about the feeling of writing. When I'm writing with an expensive mechanical pencil, I just feel a lot more confident in what I'm putting down. So I think that's why I having a good mechanical pencil is so important, and why I spent so much time looking for it. I finally settled have a pretty cheap one that has both auto-lead and lead protection, so we'll see how that goes..