**Legend:**
Normal: solution to problem
**Bold: side note (prob not relevant to solving)**
==Highlight: Analysis and thoughts on problem==

P1: $3^4 = 81, x^4 = 4$. Note any real number squared is non-negative. Thus, $x^2 = \sqrt{4} = \boxed{B) \space 2}$. **Correct**
==Just math 30 (logs) knowledge, just set the equation in terms of x.== 

P2: Has side length $5$ as it is 3-4-5 right triangle. Shaded area is square minus triangle area which is $5^2 - \frac{1}{2} \cdot 3 \cdot 4 = \boxed{D) \space 19}$. **Correct**
==Always be aware of 3-4-5 triangle. When asked for shaded region of weird shape, break it down into simple shapes such as triangles and rectangles.==

P3: Starting on top right corner, we can fix numbers. We have 1 2 3 1 2 from bottom left to top right of the inner 3x3 square. Thus, both 1 and 2 are adjacent to the center, meaning its either 3 or no number is possible. Going around, we find that one configuration of the outer ring of 3x3 (everything except the center) starting from bottom left is 1 2 3 1 2 1 3 2. Thus, only 1 and 2 are next to the center meaning in the center we may only have $\boxed{C) \space 3}$. **Correct**
==Look at the corners because that's the place where we have the highest probability of a "fixed" element (we must put that element or it won't work). Since this is problem 3, the fixed element does indeed exist! Then, we can just try and go through a chain of fixed elements (which also probably exists because again, problem 3).==

P4: $g(g(p)) = g(2p^2) = 2(2p^2)^2 = 8p^4 = 2^3 \cdot p^4$. Since $p\le 3, p \neq 2$ so the number of divisors is $(3+1)(4+1) = \boxed{D) \space 20}$. **Correct** 
==Plug in the equation in terms of p. Be aware of divisor rule (number of divisors of $p_1^{k_1}p_2^{k_2}\cdots p_n{k_n})$ is $(k_1+1)(k_2+1)\cdots (k_n+1)$.==

P5: $6300 = 3^2 \cdot 7 \cdot 2^2 \cdot 5^2$. We must eliminate $7$, then choose to eliminate any prime or choose not to. Number of subsets of $\{2,3,5\}$ is $\boxed{C) \space 8}$. **Correct**
==This feels like number theory cause you have "how many integers satisfy this condition regarding this number. Also it mentions "squares" so you should prime factor it. Then you can count by logic like above.==

P6: $5^{606} \cdot 2^{606} = 10^{606}= \sqrt{A+1}, A = 10^{1212}-1$. Thus, it's just $1212$ 9s in a row. $1212 \cdot 9 = \boxed{E) \space 10908}$. **Correct**
==When you see weird numbers to the exponent, it's almost always good to just prime factorize to it's lowest prime. Notice $25=5^2,8=2^3$ should be hint to do this. Then, just pray that everything works out, which it does cause equals sign means A is probably a good number. Also A is an integer by answer choices, so it's probably some nice number.== 

P7: Each block can be in the form of $4n+1$. This is the best way we can organize the numbers in a recognizable pattern. Thus, we want to find some lower bound to the desired index. We thus want the largest $k$ such that
$$
\begin{align}
235 &\ge \sum_{n = 1}^{k} 4n+1 \\
&\ge 4\sum_{n = 1}^{k} n+\sum_{n = 1}^{k}1 \\
&\ge k+ 4\frac{k(k+1)}{2} \\
&\ge k + 2k^2+2k \\
&\ge 2k^2+3k.
\end{align}
$$
Experimenting (looks like its around 10ish, so do binary search ideas), we find $k = 10$ has $2k^2+3k = 230$. We have now went past $\sum_{n=1}^{10} n+1 = \frac{10(11)}{2}+10 = 65$ numbers, so we are on the $66th$ term. The $66th$ term is $1$, the $67th$ term is $4$. Since $230 + 1 + 4 = 235$, we are done. So, the term is $\boxed{C) \space 67}$. **Correct**
==This problem was hella annoying cause it's just estimating (2024 AMC 12B P5 flashback😭). Just remember your sum rules and arithmetic series formula and you should get this problem, though I would personally in contest skip as I know this is a problem I can potentially get, but will take some time. Turns out the estimating part was easier than I thought since you just do 1+4 after but still it's kinda sus.==  

P8: We want the side it is cut off to have the largest surface area, because to get the new total surface area we add 2 times this sides area to the original surface area. Cutting horizontally would guarantee the maximum. We choose height of 5 and horizontal side with 3 and 4. This forms 3-4-5 right triangle meaning we may have an area of $5 \cdot 5 = 25$. The original surface area is $2(4 \cdot 5 + 3 \cdot 5 + 3 \cdot 4) = 94$. Thus, total surface area is $94 + 2 \cdot 25 = \boxed{E) \space 144}$. **Correct**
**Note: Bad wording they should've said "straight cut" as "vertical" suggests cutting vertically.** 
==Just imagine a rectangle cut in half in 3D. You will see that the new surface area added is 2 time the side you exposed by cutting. Then, realize for the max area straight cut it would just be a diagonal down (we want to maximize the side length as the height of this side is already constant)== 

P9: To maximize $n$, we think of worst case scenario where we want to scatter all the number of toys from 0 to 10 evenly. There are 11 choices for how many toys a child could bring. Thus, $100 \div 11 = 9$ with one left over. By pigeonhole, it must be that $n = 9+1 = \boxed{B) \space 10}$. **Correct**
==The problem statement suggests some pigeon hole idea. In these simpler variations of pigeon hole problems we just think of worst case scenario. Saying "same number of toys" means we are trying to have as many different number of toys as possible. We have 
P10: Essentially, the problem is asking how many 2021 binary strings start with 1, end with 0, and number of 1s is even. After fixing front and back, we have 2019 digits left. We want the number of 1s in these 2019 digits to be odd. Note by [[Combo Identities]], $\binom{n}{1} +\binom{n}{3} + ... = \binom{n}{0} +\binom{n}{2} + ...  = 2^{n-1}$. Thus, it's just $2^{2019-1} = \boxed{C) \space 2^{2018}}$ . **Correct**

P11: **Note: problem tests more of reading comprehension skills. The problem asks "what is the smallest number such that, when you see this number, you wouldn't know for sure exactly how many 9 & 10 pods came with it"**. This number must then have at least two valid integers $(x,y), x \ge 0, y \ge 0$ such that $9x+10y = n$. Obviously it is not $1$ so it's not A. For $19$, the only solution is $(1,1)$, so it's not B. For $71$, there are no solutions so it's not C. If we look at $n = 90$, we may have $(10,0)$ or $(0,9)$. Thus, $90$ is a valid $n$. Since $109 > 90$, it is not D. Thus, it's $\boxed{\textnormal{E) none of these}}$. **Correct** 

P12: 
$$
\begin{align}
\frac{a}{b}+\frac{b}{c} + \frac{c}{a} &= \frac{-(b+c)}{c} +\frac{-(a+b)}{b} +\frac{-(a+c)}{a} + 2021 \\
&= -\frac{b}{c} - \frac{a}{b} - \frac{c}{a} + 2018, \\
2(\frac{a}{b}+\frac{b}{c} + \frac{c}{a}) &= 2018, \\
\frac{a}{b}+\frac{b}{c} + \frac{c}{a} &= 2018 \div 2 = \boxed{A) \space 1009}.
\end{align}
$$
**Correct**

P13: $\frac{1}{m}+\frac{1}{n} = \frac{m+n}{mn} = \frac{19}{94}, 19mn - 94m-94n = 0$. Using [[SFFT]], we have $(m-\frac{94}{19})(n-\frac{94}{19}) = (\frac{94}{19})^2$. Since $m$ and $n$ are positive integers, let $m_1$ and $n_1$ be positive integers divisible by 19 that satisfy $(\frac{m_1-94}{19})(\frac{n_1-94}{19}) = (\frac{94}{19})^2$, so $m_1 = 19m$ and $n_1 = 19n$. Thus, $(m_1 - 94)(n_1-94) = 94^2 = 2^2 \cdot 47^2$. We first see pair $(1,94^2)$. We have $m_1-94 = 1$ and $n_1-94 = 94^2$ which gets us $m_1 = 95, n_1 = 95(94)$. Note $95$ is divisible by $19$, which satisfies our conditions for $m_1$ and $n_1$. Thus, $m = 95 \div 19 = 5$ and $n = 95(94) \div 19 = 470$, so $m+n = \boxed{D) \space 475}$. **Correct**

P14: First observe the minimum possible value for $(x-1)^2$ is $0$ which occurs at $x=1$. Thus, $f(1) = \frac{1}{2} + a + b = 0, b = -(a+\frac{1}{2})$. Absolute value gives us
$$
\begin{align}
-x^2 +2x-1 \le \frac{1}{2}x^2+ax-(a+\frac{1}{2}) \le x^2-2x+1 \\
0 \le \frac{3}{2}x^2 + (a-2)x-a+\frac{1}{2}, 0 \le \frac{1}{2}x^2-(a+2)x+a+\frac{3}{2}. 
\end{align}
$$

Let's sub in $x=(a+2)$ for the second inequality since $a$ is real and this inequality holds for all real $x$. We have
$$
\begin{align}
0 &\le \frac{1}{2}(a+2)^2 - (a+2)^2 + a + \frac{3}{2} \\
&\le -\frac{1}{2}(a+2)^2 + a + \frac{3}{2}, \\
0 &\ge \frac{1}{2}(a+2)^2-a-\frac{3}{2} \\
&\ge (a+2)^2 - 2a - 3 \\
&\ge a^2+4a+4 - 2a-3 \\
&\ge a^2+2a+1 \\
&\ge (a+1)^2.
\end{align}
$$
Thus, it must be that $(a+1)^2 = 0$ so $a= -1, b = \frac{1}{2}, f(x) = \frac{1}{2}x^2-x+\frac{1}{2}$ which means $f(4)=\frac{1}{2}(16)-4+\frac{1}{2} = \boxed{B) \space \frac{9}{2}}$. **Correct**


P15: We have $AD = \sqrt{23}+2, DC = \sqrt{23}-2$ and $BM = CM$. The midpoint $M$ provokes us to draw point $E$, the midpoint of $AC$. We thus have $\triangle ABC \sim \triangle MEC$ by $SAS$. Since $AE = 2\sqrt{23} \div 2 = \sqrt{23}$, we can say $ED = AD-AE = 2$. Also $MC : AC = 1:2$, so $ME : AB = 1:2, ME = 4 \cdot \frac{1}{2} = 2$. Wait a minute, this means $ME = ED$ which means $\triangle MED$ an isosceles triangle. Thus, $\angle EMD = \angle EDM$. Moreover, by similarity $46^{\circ} = \angle BAC = \angle MED$. Thus means $\angle ADM = \angle EDM = \frac{1}{2}(180^{\circ}-46^{\circ}) = \boxed{C) \space 67^{\circ}}$. **Correct**

P16: We have $15+16+\cdots + 58 = \frac{1}{2}(58-15+1)(15+58) = 1606$. It would be easier to count the number of sets with their sum equal to $1606 - 1558 = 48$ since this is a [[One to One Correspondence]] with the answer. Note the smallest 3 numbers $15+16+17=48$. Thus, the size can be at most 3 so we can do simple casework. If size is 3, $15,16,17$ is the only possible answer, so $1$ way. If size is 2, we may have from pair $(15,33)$ all the way to $(23,25)$ since after we will have $(24,24)$ which is impossible and then $(25,23)...$ which we already counted (note subsets are ordered). Thus, there are $23-15+1 = 9$ ways. If size is 1, $48$ is the only possible answer. Thus, total number of ways is $9+1+1 = \boxed{E) \space 11}$. **Correct**