**Note: This one is special cause I did it last year. So I will time myself for 40 minutes cause it's unfair as I probably will remember how to do some of the problems so I would go through it more easily. I think last year I got like 84 so it's not like I attempted the harder problems so ya. However, I will write ONLY my literal thoughts while I attempt the problem, no solutions no analysis, just what I'm thinking. I think this would serve as a good example of how someone who "cheesed their way into top 50 twice" thinks in contest environment. **

It's currently 10pm I will go till 10:40.
out of my league is fire but imma focus up and close spotify.

P1: pigeon hole so 2 times 10 = 20, so $\boxed{C) \space 21}$. **Correct**

P2: 4 people and it must mean other people have eaten >= 4 before and alan ate 3. Giving least person the cholate just means you're always filling up stuff and no one is overeating. So maximal cholate means the least person is alan who has 4, and means everyone else has 4 in order to not overeat. Thus max is $\boxed{A) \space 16}$. **Correct**

P3: imma play around with variables. so $c +5 = e+7 = d+1$. So we can put $c = e+2, d = e+6$. Then, $a+e+6+4 = a+e+10 = b-1+e = a+b+e+2$ so $a = \boxed{A) \space -3}$. **Correct**
==official solution is so easy :sob:==

7 minutes oh no panick

P4: $2x^3 + 976 = 2(x+2)^3, 976 \div 2 =  450+38 = 488, x^3 + 488 = x^3 + 3x^2(2) + 12x + 8$. So $6x^2 + 12x -480 = 0, x^2+2x - 80 = 0$. Probably $-8,10$ so $\boxed{B) \space 8}$. **Correct**

P5: $(x-2)^4 \le (x-2)^2, (x-2)^2 \le 1$. $(x-2)^2=0,1, x= 2,1,-1$ so $\boxed{D) \space 3}$. (I was gonna put 1 at first but then I remember last year there was I inequality problem I sillied on which was this one based on my instincts💀). **Wrong...** ==uhhh what was I smoking when I was doing this problem holyyy not even close to the real answer==

P6: I remember this problem omg PTSD this was hella guessy and bad. Imma actually skip and come back later. Returned from P15. $99x + 176y = 99(x+y) + 77y = c\ge 1300$. Must be multiple of $11$, so either $A,C,E$. We look at each case. If it's A, $9(x+y)+7y = 1309 \div 11 = 119, 119 \equiv 2 \pmod{9}$. Note remainders for $7$ mod 9 is like $7,5,3,1,8,6,4,2,0,7...$ so $y = 8$ at least and $x+y = (119-56) \div 9 = 7$, so clearly this is invalid. If it's B, $120 \equiv 3 \pmod{9}$, so $y = 3$ at least and $x+y = (120-21) \div 9 = 11$. Thus, $x = 8$ and this is satisfied, so it's $\boxed{C) \space \$13.20}$. **Correct**

P7: $m(m+5) \equiv 0 \pmod{6}$, $m(m+5) \equiv 0 \pmod{2}$ and $m(m+5) \equiv 0 \pmod{2}$. It must be $m$ is even or $m+5$ is even for first condition, $m$ divisible by 3 or $m+5$ divisible by $3$ for second condition. If $m$ is odd, only multiples of $3$ work so $2023 \div 3 = 674$. If even, $m \equiv 1 \pmod{3}$, so all $3x+1$. There are again $674$ by [[One to One Correspondence]]. $674 + 674 = \boxed{C) \space 1348}$. **Wrong** 
==forgot about x=0 unlucky tbh==

half time yay (cry)

P8: Evens may link with each other. $5$ only links with $10$ and $9$ only links with $3$, so the odds have to be at the two end points along with it's corresponding evens. We have $2$ choices for front or back. There are $3$ evens remaining so $2 \cdot 3! = \boxed{C) \space 12}$. **Correct**

P9: $f(x) = x^2+8x+16-3 = (x+4)^2-3$. Smallest at $-3$. What we know is that the function is monotonically increasing so it is best to just start at the smallest element, since if you draw this graph it's like the current y value is the next x value and we want this y value to be small as possible, and if the starting x value is bigger than the next y value is bigger so its less optimal or smth blah blah blah. Thus, we choose smallest at $f(x)=-3$ and just do it 4 more times. $f(-3) = 9-24 +13 = -2, f(-2) = 4-16+13 = 1, f(1) = 22, f(22) = 484 + 176 + 13 = \boxed{E) \space 673}$. **Correct**
30 mins gg

P10: Lowkey this is just classic path problem but with some missing points so imma just do the dumb way (I dont wanna think) and just list all 7x13 points, erase the "bad" points, and then just brute force. But this is probably time consuming so I do the funny way. This is [[One to One Correspondence]] with "erase 6 columns and 3 rows", how many ways? This is just a 4x7 path, so $\binom{9}{3} = \boxed{D) \space 84}$. **Correct**

that's time gg Did 9 got 7 problems, so $20 + 5 \cdot 7 + 7 \cdot 2 = 69$. Pretty hard!
Imma try to solve the rest tho and see where it takes me truly unlucky!

10:45 

P11: Find lower bound $\sum_{k=3}^{n} k = \frac{1}{2}(n)(n+1)-2 \le 1000, n(n+1) \le 2004, 43 \cdot 44 = 1892, 45 \cdot 46 = 2070$. So, $n \approx 44, \frac{1}{2} \cdot 44 \cdot 45-2 = 988$. We are writing 2 numbers then skipping the rest. After doing $n = 44$, we are now at the $45-2 = 43th$ step at and we write $989,990$ then skip the rest till $1000$. Thus, first time would be $\boxed{B) \space 44}$. **Correct**

P12: $(8+3)a + 8b + (8-3)c = 8(a+b+c) + 3(a - c) = 319$. $319 \equiv 7 \pmod{8}$, largest occurs at $304 + 15 = 8 \cdot 38 + 3 \cdot 5$. Sus, let's look at answer choices. $21 \equiv 0 \pmod{3}$ so obviously impossible as $319 \equiv 1 \pmod{3}$. $a+b+c = 32, 8(32)+3(a-c) = 319, a-c = 21$. This is viable as we can do $a = 22, c = 1, b = 32-22-1 = 9$, so $\boxed{B) \space 32}$. **Correct**

11:00

P13: I'm prettyyy sure iirc I solved this in contest last year. discord shenanigans... K im back 5 mins wasted. 21 arcs so each thing adds $\frac{1}{2} \cdot \frac{360}{21} = \frac{60}{7}$. Let us have current point have the angle larger than $90$ so we need around $\frac{90}{\frac{60}{7}} = \frac{21}{2} \approx 11$ or more arcs to make this angle. So for each point $B$ ( we want $\angle ABC \le 90$) we fix the left point $A$. Let's say $A$ is one to the left of $B$, then its like 1 point + 10 points, we start from the 12th point then move until the 20th points so $9$ choices. Essentially it's just $9+8+ \cdots + 1 = 45$ choices for each point. Since this angle is over 90 it is impossible to overcount. We thus have $21 \cdot 45 = \boxed{B) \space 945}$. **Correct**

P14: Wait why this seem so ez... am I tripping chat... Easiest idea is to just make the quadrilateral isosceles trapezoid since the problem doesn't have any restrictions against it. Thus, we can just say that $AD \parallel BC$ and thus $\triangle BEC \sim \triangle DEA$. This means area ratio is just $(\frac{6}{8})^2 = \frac{9}{16}$ so just $\boxed{\textnormal{E) none of these}}$. **Correct**

11:20, officially 1 hour has passed

P15: looks kinda hard, maybe time to go back to P6.

P16: no time

k just did the full 80 mins overall answered 14 questions yay! I will mark now. Ok total is $20 + 12 \cdot 5 + 2 \cdot 2 = 84$ so same as last years score. Guess I haven't improved much. (see how devastating wrong answers can be, pls check ur work). 
