
P1: After first step, $(\frac{1}{3}x,\frac{2}{3}x)$. After second step, $(\frac{1}{4}x, \frac{8+1}{12}x)$. After third step, $(\frac{1}{4}x + \frac{3}{8}x, \frac{3}{8}x)$. $\frac{1}{4}+\frac{3}{8} = \boxed{A) \space \frac{5}{8}}$.


P2: $r$ is divisible by $3$ and $r+s$ is divisible by $4$. We have $\frac{r^2\pi}{9} = \frac{(r+s)^2\pi}{16}$. This means $16r^2 = 9(r+s)^2$. Take square root of both sides to get $4r = \pm 3(r+s)$. If $4r = 3r+3s, r = 3s, \frac{r}{s} = 3$. If $4r = -3r-3s, 7r = -3s$. This is impossible since $r,s>0$. Thus, it must be $\frac{r}{s} = \boxed{D) \space 3}$.

P3: $5n \ge 1000, n \ge 200$ and $4n \le 999, n \le 249.75$. Values from $200$ to $249$ so $249-200+1 = \boxed{C) \space 50}$.

P4: $\sqrt{n^2 - 40}$ is an integer. $n^2-40 = c^2$ for some positive $n$ and $c$. $(n-c)(n+c) = 40$. We want all divisor pairs of $40$ whose two numbers are even apart since we can say $x(x+2c) = 40$. Both numbers are even. Divisor pairs are $(20,2)$. Thus, only one solution, $\boxed{B) \space 1}$.

P5: For 8 it won't work since there must be a row (and column) that has sum 2. For 4, it must have either 3 in a row or at most 2 in a row, meaning all 1 in a row which is impossible. If 3 in a row, also impossible. If 6, we must have a 3 row. Then it's impossible since another 3 row means 2 column, and 2 row means 2 row so bad, and other two have 1 row impossible since $3+1+1 = 5<6$. Thus, total is $0$, so $\boxed{\textnormal{E) none of these}}$. 

P6: Was stuck on this problem back in gr10. Side length 1 means diagonal is $\sqrt{2}$. Thus, a solution for $P$ is naturally the center of square, in which $4(\frac{\sqrt{2}}{2}) = 2\sqrt{2}$. By computing other values for $P$ or by just noticing, we see $PA+PB+PC+PD > 2\sqrt{2}$. To prove, note $PA+PC > \sqrt{2}$ as it takes a longer path from $A$ to $C$ than going straight through the diagonal. Similarly, $PB+PD>\sqrt{2}$. Thus, the smallest case is this equality in which all lengths are $\frac{\sqrt{2}}{2}$ so it's just $\boxed{B) \space 1}$.

P7: If we roll $x$ and $y$, we have $xy = (7-x)+(7-y), xy + x + y + 1 = 15, (x+1)(y+1) = 15$. Thus, $x+1 = 3, y+1 = 5, x = 2, y = 4, x+y = \boxed{B) \space 6}$.

P8: We can check with a simple model. Let rooms are be $12,6,4$ and mop speed be $3,2,1$ respectively. Evan finishes in $\frac{12}{3} = 4$, Victoria finishes in $\frac{6}{2} = 3$, Kyle finishes in $\frac{4}{1} = 4$. Thus, fastest mopper is $\boxed{\textnormal{B) Victoria}}$. 

P9: Pigs have 4 legs and ducks have 2 legs. Let the number of pigs and ducks be $x$ and $y$ respectively. $4x + 2y = 40, 2x+y = 20$. The pairs $(x,y)$ are $(0,20),(1,18), (2,16), ... (9,2), (10,0)$, so $11$ pairs in total. The total is just we start at $20$, then decrease once each time until we reach $10$. From 10 to 20, the prime numbers are $11,13,17,19$. Thus, probability is $\boxed{B) \space \frac{4}{11}}$.
**Note: Bad wording they didn't state whether number of pigs and duck is non-negative or positive**. 

P10: The roots are $\pm c, \pm d$ for some $c$ and $d$. Since there are only 3 distinct roots, it means one of the roots is $0$. Thus, $r = -t, s = 0$ and $-t < 0 < t$. Thus, $\boxed{D) \space r+t = 0}$.

P11: For organization, we go from biggest to largest, and find every subset whose numbers are all smaller than it, that sums up to 25. For 26, $\{-1\}$ is only answer. For 24, we have $\{1\}, \{-1,2\}$. For 21, $\{1,3\}, \{-1,2,3\}$. For 18, $\{1,6\}, \{-1,2,6\}$. For 15, $\{1,9\}, \{1,3,6\}, \{-1,2,9\}, \{-1,2,3,6\}$. For 12, $\{1,3,9\}, \{-1,2,3,9\}$. We already have 13 which is the largest choice, so it's probably $\boxed{E) \space 13}$.

P12: $m$ must be a multiple of $3$ or $m$ is already a perfect cube. We use [[Principle of Inclusion Exclusion]]. The perfect cubes smaller than $300$ are $1,8,27,...,6^3 = 216$, so 6 integers. The ones who are also divisible by $3$ is $3$ and $6$. The number of positive integers $\le 300$ that is also divisible by 3 is $300 \div 3 = 100$. Thus, total is $100 + 6 - 2 = \boxed{D) \space 104}$.

P13: Either a permutation of $A,B,C$ is on top or two of the same letter is on top plus one other letter. For first case, it must be a right (clockwise) cyclic shift of the permutation, in which there are two of them( we don't count cyclic shift of zero which is itself). Thus, total is $3! \cdot 2 = 12$. For second case, WLOG let the two letters be $A$ and the other letter be $B$. There are $\binom{3}{2} = 3$ ways to arrange the top. We want $B$ to not be in the same column as the top $B$, so there are $3-1 = 2$ ways. Then $C$ falls into place. Thus, total of $6$ ways. To pick the a letter that has two on top, then a second letter with only one on top, there are $3 \cdot 2 = 6$ ways. Thus, total is $12 + 6 \cdot 6 = \boxed{C) \space 48}$.
**Note: Official solution way easier. Still not a hard idea though.**

P14: $425 \div 15 = 28.\overline{3}$. Each person has $28$ with $5$ left over, so it has to be at least $28$. But, $28$ is not viable solution, so at least $29$. If $29$, then the umbers have to be $29$ or $1$. We have $29 \cdot 14 = 406, 425 - 406 = 19$. Obviously this wouldn't work. If $30$, we have $30 \cdot 14 = 420,425-420 = 5$. If we put the last number as $5$, $5$ is divisor of $30$ so the LCM would be $30$. Thus smallest possible LCM is $\boxed{C) \space 30}$.

P15: Since $O$ is incenter, $BO$ is angle bisector of $\angle ABC$ and so is $BD$. Thus, $\angle DBA = 22.5^{\circ}$. We have $\tan{22.5^{\circ}} = \frac{AD}{AB} = AD$. From [[Trigonometric Identities]], we have $AD = \tan{\frac{45^{\circ}}{2}} = \tan{\frac{\theta}{2}} = \frac{1-\cos{\theta}}{\sin{\theta}}  = \frac{1-\frac{\sqrt{2}}{2}}{\frac{\sqrt{2}}{2}} = \frac{2-\sqrt{2}}{\sqrt{2}}$ which means $DC = AC - AD = 1 - \frac{2-\sqrt{2}}{\sqrt{2}} = \frac{2\sqrt{2}-2}{\sqrt{2}} = 2 - \frac{2\sqrt{2}}{2}= \boxed{C) \space \sqrt{2}-2}$. 

P16: 
