#### Part A
P1: $2^4 + 2^3 + 2^2 + 2+1 = 2^5-1 = \boxed{31}$.

P2: Let $x$ be Daryl's age now and $y$ be Joe's age now. Then, $x-4 = 3(y-4)=3y-12$ and $x+5 = 2(y+5) = 2y + 10$. We want to eliminate $y$. We have $lcm(2,3) = 6$, so 
$$
\begin{align}
2(x-4) - 3(x+5) &= 2(3y-12) - 3(2y+10) \\
-x-8-15 &= -24-30 \\
x &= \boxed{31}.
\end{align}
$$

P3: Only perfect squares in range are $4,9$ since $1$ can't be formed. Two dice are distinct, so $36$ total choices. There are $3$ ways to add to $4$ and $8$ ways to add to $9$. Thus, the probability is $\frac{3+8}{36} = \boxed{\frac{11}{36}}$.

P4: $18800 = 2^4 \cdot 5^2 \cdot 47$ and $235 = 5 \cdot 47$. Thus, all divisors of $2^4 \cdot 5$ satisfies. Number of divisors of this is $5 \cdot 2 = \boxed{10}$.

P5: Trivial construction, it's just a 3-4-5 triangle with radius $\boxed{5}$.

P6: By [[Logorithm]] laws, the following are equivalent:
$$
\begin{align}
abx, \\
10^pyc, \\
10^q10^rz, \\
10^paz, \\
10^qby, \\
10^rxc, \\
10^ray, \\
xyz.
\end{align}
$$
Note immediately $ab = yz$. Some expression above have one of each from $a,b,c$ and $x,y,z$. We can then try to multiply these together to get
$$
\begin{align}
10^{p+q+r}(abc)(xyz) = (abc)^3 \\
10^{p+q+r}(xyz) = (abc)^2
\end{align}
$$
We try to get rid of $10^{p+q+r}$. Multiplying 2nd and 3rd expression, we have 
$$
\begin{align}
(abc)^2 &= 10^pyc \cdot 10^q10^rz \\
&= 10^{p+q+r}yzc \\
&= 10^{p+q+r}abc, \\
abc &= 10^{p+q+r}.
\end{align}
$$
Thus we can get rid of the $10^{p+q+r}$ from the first equation to get $xyz = \boxed{abc}$.

==took 30 mins for part A==

#### Part B

P1: 
a) $y = (5-x)(5+x)$. The solutions to this parabola is $x = 5,-5$ which means it intersects the x-axis at $A = (-5,0)$ and $B = (5,0)$. Thus, $AB = 5 - (-5) = \boxed{10}$.

b) We have $AB = 10, BD = 26$. Thus, this is a 10-24-26 triangle (or by pythagorean theorem), so $AD = 24$. Since $ABCD$ is a rectangle, $AD = BC = \boxed{24}$.

c) Since $AD = BC = 24, C = (5,-24), D = (-5,-24)$. Extending $C$ and $D$ horizontally to the parabola means y cooridinate stays the same, but x coordinate must be such that $25-x^2 = -24$. We have $49-x^2=0, (7-x)(7+x) = 0, x = -7,7$. Thus, $E = (7,-24)$ and $F = (-7,-24)$ which means $EF = 7-(-7) = \boxed{14}$.


P2:
a) $2x+11y = 3x+4y,7y = x$ which works for all $y$. Thus, just set $\boxed{y=1,x=7}$.

b) Before we write proof, lets do some experimenting. We want
$$
\begin{align}
\frac{1}{2}\left(\frac{a}{b} + \frac{c}{d}\right) &= \frac{ad+bc}{2bd} = \frac{a+c}{b+d}, \\
(ad+bc)(b+d) &= (2bd)(a+c), \\
abd+ad^2+b^2c+bcd &= 2abd + 2bcd, \\
ad^2 + b^2c &= abd + bcd.
\end{align}
$$
This happens when $b=d$, and this is the only condition that will satisfy our original equation. Thus, we can just let $\frac{a}{b} = \frac{ad}{bd}$ and $\frac{c}{d} = \frac{cb}{db}$ so that $b=d$, and just prove it works.
Proof: Let $a_1 = ad, b_1 = bd, c_1 = bc, d_1 = bd$. We then have $u = \frac{a}{b} = \frac{a_1}{b_1}, v = \frac{c}{d} = \frac{c_1}{d_1}$. The median of this specific fraction configuration, which is also a mediant of $u$ and $v$, is 
$$
\frac{a_1+c_1}{b_1+d_1} = \frac{ad+bc}{2bd} = \frac{1}{2}\cdot \frac{ad+bc}{bd} = \frac{1}{2}\left(\frac{a}{b}+\frac{c}{d}\right) = \frac{1}{2}(u+v).
$$

c) Because $u$ and $v$ are both positive and $u<v$, we get $\frac{a}{b} < \frac{c}{d}, ad < bc$. 
Every mediant of $u$ and $v$ can be expressed as $\frac{a+c}{b+d}$ where $u = \frac{a}{b}$ and $v = \frac{c}{d}$.
Let's first prove $\frac{a}{b} < \frac{a+c}{b+d}$. Let $?$ be the inequality between these two expressions. $\frac{a}{b} ? \frac{a+c}{b+d}$ is the same as $a(b+d) ? b(a+c), ab+ad ? ab + bc, ad ? bc$. From above, $ad < bc$ so $? = <$ and $\frac{a}{b}<\frac{a+c}{b+d}$.
We then prove prove $\frac{a+c}{b+d}< \frac{c}{d}$. Let $?$ be the inequality between these two expressions. $\frac{a+c}{b+d}?\frac{c}{d}$ is the same as $d(a+c) ? c(b+d), ad+cd ? bc + cd, ad ? bc$. From above, $ad < bc$ so $? = <$ and $\frac{a+c}{b+d}<\frac{c}{d}$.
Thus, $\frac{a}{b} < \frac{a+c}{b+d}<\frac{c}{d}$.
==how to describe relationship proof formally? :sob:==


P3: 
a) The product is $1$ if there exists an even number of -1s in the chosen elements. Thus, we can either choose 0 or 2 elements. 
If we choose 0 -1s, there is one possible choosing since we only have three 1s in total at positions $3,4,5$. 
If we choose two -1s, there is 3 possible choosing's since we first pick the only two -1s at position $1,2$, then we can pick any of the ones after it in which there are 3 or them. 
Thus, total number of ways to choose is $1+3=\boxed{4}$.

==took 1hr 20 mins, 40mins left on last problem==

b) Total number of ways to choose 3 elements from n is $\binom{n}{3} = \frac{n\cdot n-1 \cdot n-2}{6}$. Half of this is $\frac{n\cdot n-1 \cdot n-2}{12}$. Again, the only way to make the final product 1 is if 0 or 2 chosen elements are -1. The number of ways to choose 3 elements without choosing any -1s is $\binom{n-m}{3} = \frac{(n-m)(n-m-1)(n-m-2)}{6}$. The number of ways to choose 3 elements with 2 of them being -1 is $\binom{m}{2} \cdot (n-m)$. Thus the total number of ways is such that the final product is 1 is the sum of these two expressions. We then want $m$ such that
$$
\begin{align}
\frac{n\cdot n-1 \cdot n-2}{12} &= \frac{(n-m)(n-m-1)(n-m-2)}{6} + \frac{m(m-1)}{2} \cdot (n-m) \\
&= (n-m) \cdot \frac{2(n-m-1)(n-m-2)+6m(m-1)}{12}, \\
n(n-1)(n-2) &= 2(n-m)(n-m-1)(n-m-2)+6(n-m)(m))(m-1), \\
n^3-3n^2+2n & = (n-m)^3-3(n-m)^2+2(n-m) + (6m^2-m)(n-m) \\
& = (n^3-3n^2m+3nm^2-m^3)-3(n^2-2nm+m^2)+2(n-m) + 6m^2n-6m^3-mn+m^2 \\
&= (n^3-3n^2+2n)-(3n^2m-9nm^2-5nm)-(7m^3+2m^2+2m), \\
0 &= (7m^3+2m^2+2m) + nm(3n-9m-5) \\
\end{align}
$$


