#### Part A
P1: It's just $2(8+15) = \boxed{46}$.

P2: By [[Vietas Formula]], the product of roots is $\boxed{0}$.

P3: $3^x = 3^{20+20+18} + 3^{19+20+19} + 3^{18+21+19} = 3 \cdot 3^{58} = 3^{59}$. Thus, $x = \boxed{59}$.

P4: Let number of gold picks be $x$. Since the boxes contain the same number of pucks, $40 + \frac{1}{7}x = \frac{3}{7}x, \frac{2}{7}x = 40, x = \boxed{140}$.

P5: Let $l$ be the line at $x=39$. Let $A$ be the foot of line $l$ to the x axis, $S'$ be the new $S$ on $l$, and $P'$ be the new $P$. We know by Pythagorean that $OR = 24$. Thus, $AR = 39-24 = 15$. By Pythagorean, $AS' = 20$. Let $B$ be on line $l$ such that $P'B \perp l$. Then, $\angle P'S'B + \angle RS'A = 90^{\circ}$ which means $\triangle S'AR \cong \triangle P'BS'$. Thus, $S'B = 15$ and $P'B = 20$. Thus, height of $P'$  from x axis is $AS' + S'B = 20 + 15 = 35$ and the length of $P'$ from y axis is $39 - P'B = 39-20 = 19$. Thus, $P = \boxed{19,35}$.

P6: For each column, we can either do white-black or white-white. W thus have 11 white-black pairs and 2 white-white pairs. Observe that these 2 white-white pairs acts as a "reset". This is because if we put down a white-black pair, then all consecutive white-black pairs after have a fixed configuration (checkerboard). Thus for that consecutive segment of white-black pairs there can only be 2 ways to configure it (depending on the first pair). Thus, putting a white-white tile allows us to reset and once again have two options for the first pair configuration.
There are only two reset tiles, meaning we can have 1,2, or 3 segments of white-black tiles.
If we have 1 segment: This means that the two reset tiles are on either side of the board. Let r be the reset tiles. There are 3 ways this is achieved, with r...r, rr..., and ...rr. Then, we have $2$ ways to configure the black-white tiles. Thus, we have $3 \cdot 2 = 6$ configurations
If we have 2 segments: This means one reset tile is on the side, or both reset tiles are next to each other. If one of them is on the side, there are $2 \cdot 10 = 20$ ways since we first pick left or right side, then the other tile must be in the middle and not one of the sides and not adjacent to the tile we just picked. If they are joined together, they cannot be on the side so we have $10$ positions for that. Thus, we have $20+10 = 30$ configurations for white-white tiles. Then, for each case there are $2^2 = 4$ ways to configure the white-black tiles. Thus, the total configurations is $32 \cdot 4 = 120$.
If we have 3 segments: Both tiles must be in the middle and not together. We can evoke [[Complementary Counting]] since this is just total ways - 1 segment - 2 segment which is $\binom{13}{2} - 3 - 30 = 45$ ways. Then, there are $2^3 = 8$ ways to configure the white-black tiles. Thus, total configurations is $45 \cdot 8 = 360$.
Adding everything together, the total number of configurations is $6 + 120 + 360 = \boxed{486}$.

==1hr for part A, also first time WA P6 due to silly :(==

#### Part B

P1: 
Let the circles starting from top left and going clockwise be $A,B,C$.
a) $A = 13-4 = 9, C = 10-9 = 1$. Thus, $x = A+B = 9+4 = \boxed{13}$.

b) $3w + w = y$, so $B = 3w$. Then, $3w+3w = 48, w = 8$ which means $y = 4w = \boxed{32}$.

c) $p+r = 3, q+r=13,p+q = 18$. Thus, 
$$
\begin{align}
(p+r)+(q+r)+(p+q) &= 2(p+q+r) \\
&= 3+13+18 \\
&= 34, \\
p+q+r &= 17
\end{align}.
$$
Then, $(p+q+r)-(q+r) = 17-13 = 4 = p$, $(p+q+r) - (p+r) = 17-3 = 14$, $(p+q+r)-(p+q) = 17-18 = -1$.
Thus, $\boxed{p = 4, q = 14, r = -1}$.


P2: 
a) Since $3^2 - 2\cdot 2^2 =1$, so a solution is $\boxed{x=3,y=2}$.

b) We have $(3+2\sqrt{2}^2) = 9 + 8 + 12\sqrt{2} = 17 + 12\sqrt{2}$. Thus, $\boxed{u = 17,v=12}$. Plugging this back into $(1)$, we get $17^2 - 2(12)^2 = 1$. So this is also a solution to $(1)$.

c) We have $(a+b\sqrt{2})(3+2\sqrt{2}) = 3a + 2a\sqrt{2} + 3b\sqrt{2}+2b \cdot 2 =3a+4b +(2a+3b)\sqrt{2}$. Thus, $c = 3a+4b$ and $d = 2a+3b$. Then, 
$$
\begin{align}
(3a+4b)^2 - 2(2a+3b)^2 &= 9a^2 + 16b^2 + 24ab - 2(4a^2+9b^2+12ab) \\
&= 9a^2-8a^2 + 16b^2 - 18b^2 + 24ab - 24ab \\
&= a^2-2b^2 \\
&= 1.
\end{align}
$$

d) 

P3: 

a) 



