### Part A

P1: $\angle FEA = \angle EAB = 60^{\circ}, FE \parallel AB, FE \perp DA$. Since $\angle DFA = 60^{\circ}, \angle DAF = \boxed{30^{\circ}}$.

P2: $3x \cdot 0.1 + 2x \cdot 0.25 = 4, 0.8x = 4, x = 5$. Thus, number of dimes is $3x = \boxed{15}$.

P3: $5000 = 5 \cdot (10)^3 = 2^3 \cdot 5^4$. Neither $m$ or $n$ can have $2$ and $5$ in it's factor, so let $m = 2^3=8$ and $n = 5^4=625$. We have $625+8 = \boxed{633}$.

P4: We look for things that have $f(5)$ in it. We can get $f(5)+f(8) = 15$ and $f(2)+f(5) = 9$. We also know $f(2)+f(8)=12$. Thus, $2(f(5))+f(2)+f(8) = 15+9 = 24, 2f(5) = 12, f(5)=\boxed{6}$.

P5: We have $(2+x)^{\frac{2}{3}} + 3(2-x)^{\frac{2}{3}} = 4(4-x^2)^{\frac{2}{3}}$. We want to get rid of the fractional exponents, so we try to employ $a^3+b^3 = (a+b)(a^2-ab+b^2)$. We have
$$
\begin{align}
(2+x)^2 + 27(2-x)^2 &= (4(4-x^2)^{\frac{2}{3}})((2+x)^{\frac{4}{3}} - 3(4-x^2)^{\frac{2}{3}} + 9(2-x)^{\frac{4}{3}}) \\
& = 

\end{align}
$$
hmm... this looks bad so it probably doesn't work as the fraction still remains.
We can try cubing both sides instead. We have
$$
\begin{align}
64(4-x^2) &= 256 - 64x^2= \left(\sqrt[3]{(2+x)^2} + 3\sqrt[3]{(2-x)^2} \right)^3 \\
&= (2+x)^2 + 27(2-x)^2 + 3\left(3\sqrt[3]{(2+x)^2(2-x)^2}\right)\left(\sqrt[3]{(2+x)^2} + 3\sqrt[3]{(2-x)^2}\right) \\
&= 4+x^2+4x+27(4+x^2-4x) + 9\left(\sqrt[3]{(4-x^2)^2}\right)\left(4\sqrt[3]{4-x^2}\right)  \\
&= 112 + 28x^2 - 104x + 36\left(4-x^2 \right) = 256 - 8x^2-104x, \\
0 &= 56x^2 - 104x = (56x-104)x.
\end{align}
$$
We have substituted and miraculously cancelled everything in $(5)$. Thus, we solve this quadratic and get $\boxed{x = 0, \frac{13}{7}}$.

P6: The condition states that each odd differs from all evens and each even differs from all odds. If there is a color in both even and odd position, it won't work. Thus, we have 3 general cases:
1 - Let odd and even both have 1 color. We have $3$ choices for odd color, then $2$ choices for even color. Thus, we have $3 \cdot 2 = 6$ ways. 
2 - Let odd have 1 color and even have 2 colors. We have $\binom{3}{1} = 3$ ways to choose colors. For each even, it can be one of the two colors. Thus, there are $2^5-2$ ways to assign coloring (since there must be at least one of each color, otherwise we double count from case 1). Thus, total is $3 \cdot (2^5-2) = 90$ ways.
3- Let odd have 2 colors and even have 1 color. Since odd and even both have 5 lockers, this is just a mirror of case 2, meaning it will also have $90$ ways.
Thus, total ways is $6+90+90 = \boxed{186}$. 

==**Self Note:** P5) test stuff out to try to cancel weird stuff, pray stuff works. P6) know what you're doing and do each specific case correctly and without overcounting==.
### Part B

P1:
a) The numbers $5,10,15$ forms an arithmetic sequence where the difference is $5$. Thus, we can pick $\boxed{\{5,10,15\}}$.

b) Let the difference be $d$. We have $13-7 = 6 = 2d, d = 3$. Thus, $q = 13-3 = 10$ and $p = 7-3 = 4$, so $p,q = \boxed{4,10}$. 

c) Let the difference be $d$. We have $a+21 - a = 21 = 3d, d = 7$. Thus, $c-a = 2d = \boxed{14}$.

d) We have $2y+3-(y-6) = (y^2+2)-(2y+3), y+9 = y^2-2y - 1, y^2-3y-10 = 0$. Solving this quadratic, we get $y =  \boxed{-5,2}$.

P2:
a) 
(i) The area of the circle with diameter $YZ$ is $50\pi \cdot 2 = 100\pi$. Thus, radius of that circle is $10$ so $YZ = 20$. Similarly, area of circle with diameter $XY$ is $576\pi$, radius is $24$ so $XZ = 48$. By Pythagorean, we get $XY = \boxed{52}$.

(ii) Since they are all squares, we have $a^2 = 2p^2, b^2 = 2q^2, c^2 = 2r^2$. By Pythagorean, a triangle is right if and only if the sum of the squares of two sides is equal to the square of the third side. Since $\triangle PRQ$ is right at $\angle PRQ$, we have $p^2+q^2 = r^2$. Thus, it means that $2(p^2+q^2) = 2r^2, a^2+b^2=c^2$ which means triangle formed by $a,b,c$ must also be right with hypotenuse $c$.

b) ==didnt think of this but actually super simple :sob:==. Let $F$ be point such that $ZF \parallel AC$ and $FC \perp AC$. We then for right triangle $ZFB$ where $ZF = AC$. Moreover, since everything is right triangle and $\angle ZBA = 90^{\circ}$, we have $\triangle DEA \sim \triangle BFZ \sim \triangle ACB$. Moreover, since $DABZ$ is a rectangle, $DA = ZB$ which means $\triangle DEA \cong \triangle BFZ$, which means $AE = ZF$. Thus, $AE = AC$.

P3:
a) Let $x^2 = a$. We have $a = 3\lfloor \sqrt{a} \rfloor + 1$. For number 1 through 15, we have designated $\lfloor a \rfloor$ values. From 1 to 3, the value is 1. From 4 to 8, the value is 2. From 9 to 15, the value is 3. We already did $3(2)+1 = 7$. We can thus try $3(3)+1 = 10$. $\lfloor \sqrt{10} \rfloor = 3$, this matches which means $a = \boxed{10}$.

b) Since $\lfloor x \rfloor = n$, $x$ is positive which means we have $n^2 \le x^2 < (n+1)^2$. Thus, the smallest integer included in the range is $n^2-3n$ and the smallest integer not included is $(n+1)^2-3n = n^2-n+1$. Thus, the possible integer values are all integers in the range $\boxed{[n^2-3n, n^2-n]}$.

==break point (made sillies and got stuck on P2b==

c) We have $x^2- 3\lfloor x \rfloor = k^2-1$. From part b)

