
### Part A
P1: $\frac{1}{3} = \frac{4}{x+3}, x+3 = 12, x = \boxed{9}$.

P2: $B$ must have carried. Since $8$ and $2A$ are even,$B$ carried a 2. Thus, $A = \frac{8-2}{2} = 3$. Note that $C = 2$ because no other number smaller than 36 has ones value 6 and is a multiple of 3. Thus, $C = 2$ and $B = 9$. We have $A+B+C = \boxed{14}$.

P3: Water volume is $5 \cdot 5 \cdot 0.006 = 0.15$. Volume of rain barrel is $0.25^2 \pi \cdot 1 = 0.0625\pi$. Thus, $\frac{0.15}{0.0625\pi} \approx 0.764 = \boxed{76.4\%}$.

P4: We have
$$
\begin{align}
2^{x-1} &= \left(2 \cdot 4^{x^2 - 3x}\right)^2 \\
&= 2^2 \cdot 2^{4x^2-12x} \\
&= 2^{4x^2-12x+2}, \\
x-1 & = 4x^2-12x+2, \\
0 &= 4x^2-13x+3 \\
x &= \boxed{\frac{1}{4}, 3}.
\end{align}
$$

P5: This is construct some systems of equations problem. Let $a$ be the percentage of the times Anna guessed dog. When the image is a dog, she guessed correctly $0.95a$ of the time and incorrectly $0.1(1-a)$ of the time. When the image is a cat, she guessed correctly $0.9(1-a)$ of the time and incorrectly $0.05a$ of the time. Since number of cat images and dog images are equal,
$$
\begin{align}
0.95a + 0.1(1-a) &= 0.9(1-a) + 0.05a \\
0.85a + 0.1 &= 0.9-0.85a \\
1.7a &= 0.8 \\
a = \frac{0.8}{1.7} = \frac{8}{17}.
\end{align}
$$
Thus, 8 out of 17 times she picked dog, which means the ratio is $\boxed{8 : 9}$.

P6: Using the hint, we have 
$$
\begin{align}
\tan(45^{\circ}) &= \frac{\frac{1}{m} + \frac{a}{n}}{1-\frac{a}{mn}} \\
1 &= \frac{\frac{n+am}{mn}}{\frac{mn-a}{mn}} = \frac{n+am}{mn-a} \\
mn-a &= n+am \\
mn-n &= a(1+m) \\
\frac{mn-n}{m+1} &= \frac{n(m+1)}{m+1} = n-\frac{2n}{m+1} = a.
\end{align}
$$
Since $m$ can be anything, we can turn this problem into: How many positive integers $a \le 50$ such that there exists exactly six $n$ that satisfies $n$ minus a divisor of $2n$ is $a$. 
==Note: This is the "wrong" manipulation that leads to harder solution. Usually these solution problems involve number theory ideas where we want to factor the a in some way without having fractions==.
We start with $mn-a-n-am = 0$. We want $a = (m-c)(n-d)$ of some sort. We have $mn-am-n+a = (m-1)(n-a) = mn-a-n-am+2a$. Thus, $(m-1)(n-a) = 2a$. Since $n$ and $m$ can be anything, we just want to find all $a$ such that $2a$ has exactly 6 divisors. Since $6 = 2\cdot 3$, this means the exponents must be $2 \cdot 3$ or $1 \cdot 6$ which means $1,2$ or $0,5$ respectively. For the latter case, we only have one which is $2^5 = 32$. Then, we either have $2p^2 \le 100$ or $2^2p \le 100$ for some prime $p$. For first case, we have $p = 3,5,7$. For second case, we have $p = 3,5,7,11,13,17,19,23$. Thus, total numbers we can construct is $1+3+8 = \boxed{12}$.


### Part B

P1: 
a) 
