---
password: imissher
---

Today I did a whole lot of fucking nothing. Basically wasted my time until the world ended. I'm fucking so done with this shit. At least I finished my LA project so I don't have to stress over that. Idk today I just watched a lot of videos and didn't do any work since I was procrastinating LA. Hopefully the next couple of days will be more productive.

I have been down these past few days. Partly cause of my throw on COMC but I'm not sure. I feel as though my chances even at AHSMC is slim. I have all this random shit I gotta do so I dont have time for Math let alone CF. It's been fucking hectic. I've been trying to grind some mocks before contest though. Hopefully everything will turn out alright I guess.

Ya, I threw the COMC. So what? I wasn't expecting to win anyways. Good thing is we got 2nd place at Div1 UAPC, mostly cause Eric solved all the hard problems haha. I felt like things went a lot smoother than last year. All of the 6 problems I solved I legit pretty much insta-mind-solved all of them. Overall we were always at 2nd place throughout the entire thing (even though at the last second we were almost 3rd but thankfully I clutched up with that bug fix, idek why O(n^4) + bad constant passes but...) and things went pretty smoothly.

But anyways, I've been down as fuck these past few days. Idk why tbh, I think its cause I'm talking to people less and less because I have an insane amount of fucking shit to do. Like fuck idek if imma survive next two weeks cause all the big math contests are comming up. Moreover idk how badly waterloo will penalize my 3 spares, gotta ask guidance counsellor on monday ig. I also gotta go to LOHS TV, study for PRT, study for math, finish my 3 websites, organize CS Club shit, its pretty fucked, which is why I'm sad I didn't do anything today.

I also think its cause theres been a pit (or what do you call it, a funny bad feeling) in my stomach. It's cause I'm fucking lonely as shit idek man, feel like everyones doing good and I'm a fucking mess. I really have no one to talk to haha :D, just all this shit man, so uncertain about the future. I really don't wanna stay in Edmonton :sob:. Yesterday was Halloween and less amount of kids came than I expected. We only bought one box of 54 chips and still had plenty left. Man I'm seeing all these Halloween posts while I'm fucking alone at night doom scrolling like fuckkk imma try to keep myself safe mann. But ya, I think I'm kinda getting used to this loneliness thing. 

I guess both I and E have their pros and cons. I actually think I'm an E though cause I like to hang out with people and socialize. I like to feel like I belong somewhere. I like to have a group of close friends who we can do stupid shit together. But I'm shit at socializing without oversharing or like idk, cause I'm not an interesting person, at least not in that sense. I can talk about shit but, idk, how do you make friends without having therapy haha. But ya, I guess I don't deserve it, I'm just a bad person haha.

Bro apparently her friend likes me??? Crazy ego boost lol. But at the same time shits not good, I'm too shit of a person to carry that burden, especially cause I like her already. Funny thing happened that day when me and the bois snuck on the bus the old lady fucking got up and sat at the front in order to avoid us. I think she thought we were some punks skipping school and shit cause we were being loud haha. But ya, they were pressing me cause she's like way outta my league apparently, and a good student (apparently that's rare nowadays).
But ya, I'm really not ready for a relationship cause of all the shit I have on me. Like I always say this if I'm fucking loaded with my daddy's trust fund like imma fucking confess tomorrow idgaf. But ya, gotta grind unfortunately :(. 

But then again I like herrr bro I can't be just switching up like that. Also apparently that korean girl whom I dont even have fucking beef with (think last time we interacted it was like LA 10 :skull:). She was like I'm a bad person lmaooo then the girl was like idgaf... but idk man just heard from my friends. that girl be sayin she wanna dress me up and style me and shitt xD I'm getting deja vu from when she was looking pinterest or some shit and smiling.
Fuck its 1am I have a CF tommorow in which I'm probably gonna get shit on cause I don't get enough sleep. Hopefully I can finish all my work early tomorrow and sleep early. 