---
password: imissher
---

Laptop broke today so I'm using the PC to do work. Looks like hard drive is fucked, so I'm losing all my fucking notes and projects I've been working on for the last couple of months. Great. It sucks because I've poured a lot of hours into those notes, especially my contest logs and EGMO notes( finished chapter 1,4,5, so around 7000ish words), as well as my notes for my LA homework which is 2 weeks past the due date... So I'm guessing I'll be grinding on the main PC for the next couple of months. I guess this is good since I would procrastinate less since my dad is watching over me. 

As always, my life has been more so of a mess. I'm behind on everything, like my LA hw, Calc test I haven't studied for (failed todays quiz), math club shit, cs club shit, ACPC which is in 5 FUCKING DAYS and I haven't done jackshit in 2 weeks, COMC which is in fucking a week and I lost all my geo notes and havent studied anything. Also my fucking AI project I've been delaying for 2 months... It's fucked cause I'm watching yt all day like fuck this shit.

I guess one good thing today is that my teacher changed my song annotation from 7/10 to 10/10 after reading my annotation comments (yay!). I didn't expect I would get 5/5 on presentation/voice also since I just brain dumped my thoughts about each lyric. I annotated *loafers* by boywithuke ofc cause my fucking relationship experienced is fucked istg. Idk if people experience breakups and shit like that cause I feel like a lot of people in hs is getting into relationships nowadays. Like I might not be the most unfortunate (since I never had a relationship), but situationships and what not still fucking sucks especially when you're fucking powerless, and it was your fault.. My friend also got dumped so I guess people are mature now.

She wasn't here today in class but I still miss her I guess. I saw her on insta a couple of days ago, which, this sounds creepy as fuck and I should get help, but I realized this is the first in a long time where I stared at her full face directly without just glancing and quickly looking away. Fuck shes fucking cute and I hate myself for thinking this way fuck life what am I doing. I don't even know how I should feel at this point. Imma legit dedicate this last paragraph to this downbad shit every day just to vent to nobody I guess... idk how I feel cause I don't want anyone to know I feel this way, but I wanna vent to someone cause it's eating me up slowly. I shouldn't even be thinking about this shit cause I have so much other more important shit to worry about. But when it's midnight and I'm alone, it's fucked. Listening to serotonin dreams and thinkin bout her goes hard :fire: I'm the biggest down bad loser of all time fuck life. I should move on but fuck, maybe I just want the attention or something, fuck my thoughts, I'm not a good person.