Today was a pretty plain ass day. Didn't do much, went to school and didn't do jack shit, got my calc quiz back and no suprise I failed that shit. Idk it was just a boring ass day where I procrastinated all day and didn't do shit. My LA is still overdue as fuckkk, have a calc exam tomorrow and didn't study for shit, procrastinated, CS club meeting tmrw and I'm not prepared. I mean I know what I'm doing but haven't worked out the details.

Gotta do CF Div3 tomorrow so can't study for calc during Chinese. Shits fucked man. But fr there were some good things that happened toda. My dad got my data back so thankfully I still have all my notes. Bro was legit acting like there was a 99% chance I'd lose it. I mean I do that kinda shit too where I overinflate the loss rate in order to reduce expectation. But I guess that's a good thing knowing that all my hard work didn't go to waste. Another good thing is that I got to register for ACPC last minute cause I dmed the organizer and they slipped me in, so I guess I should be grateful.

I think time just flies by so fast sometimes, and you just feel like shit after doing nothing all day. I have so much shit I need to do and idk, I feel like I'm stuck doing schoolwork and having no energy. I feel like that's getting better though, I don't think I'm depressed as I once was. I think my mental is very neutral, though depression still sort of lingers I guess? Idk how to describe it but it feels normal, monotone, routine, boring, which is good I guess.

Didn't think about her much today haha. But I still saw her today. It feels as though I just keep randomly fucking seening her for some reason. It's fucked, I'm fucked. Idek how I feel about this shit now. Everytime I'm listening to those lyrics, I have this fixed urge to think about her, and feel guilty if I think about anyone else. I guess it's safest to keep this shit by myself. But idk, I havent talked to her in a while and I just feel like fuck, what's she doing now, how are things going, what's on your mind. I just see her smile and laugh, and I don't even feel like shit anymore, like instead of a sinking fucked up feeling, I just get a "crush" feeling where I'm like damn, her smiles are rlly cute tho type shit. But I guess it stills kinda hurts me when she has that look on her. I guess I get what I get, being the shit person I am, I fucking deserve this shit. Fuck. Anyways, hopefully as time passes I can find someone new or something. Every keep saying that mentality is unhealthy but... idk what to do at this point. Just ignore it and move on? Fuck that shit I fucking can't. Just gotta do work and get that shit off my mind as much as possible. It's getting better tho... ig im just being dramatic haha.