
## CF
#### 2038B
**Before editorial:**
If $k$ is possible, $k-1$ is possible with another $n$ operations. 
For the final lap, we want everything to have a difference of 6 or to have x,x,x,...,2x for some segment. Dead end.
Let $v_i$ be the number of operations applied to $i$. The final is $a_i + v_{i-1} - 2v_i$ for all $i$. The sum of the elements after operations is then $\sum_{i=1}^{n} a_i - \sum_{i=1}^{n} v_{i}$ which is divisible by $n$.  We have $a_i-a_{i+1} = 3v_i - 2v_{i+1}-v_{i-1}, v_i = \frac{a_i - a_{i+1}+2v_{i+1} + v_{i-1}}{3}$. 

**Reading editorial:**
Hint 1: Binary search the final value
- I thought about this but didnt think it would make a difference. I guess I was thinking about the divisibility wrong, and that every number is somewhat possible. But does larger value necessarily mean fewer steps? I suppose so cause of the first observation steps must be monotonically increasing as $k$ gets smaller, didn't observe this. Thus, it is possible to binary search and now we are only interested in finding if it works for a specific $k$. 
- Reminds me the candy problem which I still need to review. We may write it in terms of it's difference with $k$. I have an idea without proof. We will know how may operation we must do to get all $k$. Thus, we just do operation without ever going below $k$ for each element. This is because if the answer must have some place where we go below $k$ for some element, it must still add up to $k$ at the end means it goes up, so we traverse to the root of where these numbers started and it must be bigger than $k$. Wait this is actually wrong by sample 3 after testing, but only if all the numbers are same and +1 it. If everything is smaller than $k$ it's impossible. 
- I have an inkling this may work by just simulation, though we have to prove the loop terminates after small number. We can say after we loop once, our current index will have the sum of essentially all the left overs. All the other numbers will either be less than $k$ by something or $1$ or $0$ difference from $k$. Then after the second loop nothing probably remains and we can essentially break. Max is 3 loops for anything sus. I will now attempt this impl. K it worked on sample so I'll submit. WA tc 3. Wait... I just changed max loop from 3 to 10 and it worked. Idk why but I'll take it I guess.

**Post Problem Analysis:**




#### 2038K
## Calc



## Math
